How could you be the president, these people?
You idiot! You put us all in a huge mess.
Don't you know that Ravenham Auto Plant
depends on Wharton's investment?
One word from Mr. Edwards, and we're all done.
Miss Ewing, he must have fooled you too.
He forged the president's signature. He tricked all of us.
Don't bother to his trap.
You think he forged the president's signature?
That's impossible. Plus the Wharton Group website updates every day
with directives from the president. Check and see.
It's there. It's really there.
And soon the website will be updated with you and your father have been fired and arrested,
or we can make sure it gets grounded in obituary.
Your choice.
Mr. Edwards.
Now, Farrah, if you hadn't arrived when you did, I wouldn't be able to witness such
wonderful performances, because the auto plant has managed to
breed such corrupt and power abusing parasites,
even the idiot like him, and be a researcher.
You know, I think it's time we clean house.
I agree.
I think it's time we clean house.
I can explain to you.
No, actually, I think you understood everything pretty well.
No! No! No! No! No! No! No! Please! Please!
You know, nobody's listening to your bullshit.
And frankly, I'm not interested in it.
See that? Every man acts tough when there's a gun put in his face,
and then he starts running for his mama.
Pathetic! Farrah, I want you to audit every single one of them,
every project, every penny that has ever stepped foot into this company.
Yes, president.
Gentlemen, can you please take our guest away?
No! No! No! No! No! No!
Gentlemen, tell us.
President, I was wrong.
I never could have went there, Caroline.
I should have never disrespected you.
We didn't have mercy.